Assignment Objective: It is about detecting and characterizing the VIP clients of an English e-commerce company.
* The first step is the realization of an EDA. At some point in this exploratory data analysis you will have to recognize why exactly you are going to have a hard time finding a cluster small enough to qualify as VIP and somehow economically viable.
* Every step, what he is. what is it for, what do you hope to obtain in each step, and the comparison between the results obtained and those expected... and its meaning for him.
* Explain what the objectives of your study are and present a generic, storytelling-style summary of the variables you have in the dataset.

QN: Explore Data to determine metrics to use to define who a VIP customer is.
Option: Use Invoice No. To amount spent by customer / purchase regardless of time to determine VIP?
Option: Use Time Period to segment VIPS. customer purchase amount in a given period to determine VIP?
Option: Use Purchase frequency to segment VIPs. Use the frequency a particular customer 
Option: Can I use Country to segment VIPs. Choose VIP based on customer purchase per invoice. 
Option: Can I use Country to segment VIPs. Choose VIP based on customer purchare per period (week / Month / Year)
Option: Can I find out how much sales are made in a particular period by the E-Commence company and then subsquently find out how much of a percentage did each of these customers contribute to it.

Intended Methods / Frameworks to use: RFM (Recency, Frequency, Monetary) analysis

Introduction
	Motivation
	Methods (planned to follow)
		How-why-expected results
The dataset
	Description
	Data overview
		File(s), table(s)
		Variables in each able
Import Python libraries
	"import pandas as pd"
	Loading the dataset in Python
Structured based data exploration
	Purpose of EDA
		Finding missing and erroneous data
		Gain deep and insights from the dataset
		Identify the important features in your dataset
		Perform hypothesis testing for the specific model
		Estimate the parameters and associated intervals
	Tools of EDA
		Classification and dimensionality reduction techniques
		Univariate analysis
		Bivariate analysis
		Multivariate analysis
		Predictive analysis
	Display the first 5 observations (df.head())
	Display the last 5 observations (df.tail())
	Display the number of variables and observations (df.shape)
	Display the variable names and data types (df.dtype)
	Count the number of non-missing values of each variable (df.count())
	Descriptive statistics (df.describe(include = 'all'))
	Display the complete summary of the dataset (df.info())
	Data cleaning
		Handling missing values
			Detecting missing values (df.isnull().sum())
			Data deduplication
		Hig level statistics
			Features
			Correlation matrix
			Distributions
		Univariate analysis
		Bivariate analysis
		Multivariate analysis
	Missing values treatment
		rop the variables
		Drop the observation
		Mean imputation, or median imputation, or mode imputation
			df.dropna(how = 'any', inplace = True)
			df.isnull().sum(), to check after
	How many unique observations  are made
	Data visualizations
		Target variables, if any
		Display

Notes: 
* Installing the R Kernel requires updating Conda Package Manager to the latest version that contains a faster solver called Libmamba plugin.